add watcher option on the config file (#83)
friendsofgo/killgrave: README.md

The option `cors` still being optional and its options can be an empty array.
If you want more information about the CORS options, visit the [CORS section](#CORS).

> The `watcher` option is optional, with this field you could decide if you want that you server does an auto-reload when the imposters change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `watcher` configuration field is optional, with this setting you can enable hot-reloads on imposter changes. Disabled by default.
```
